this lesson.
We're gonna look at images with bootstrap pan,
just different ways of styling,
those images making them responsive.
We need an image down here at the bottom,
so just beside to the left of it,
we've got an image I'm using.
Placeholder dot com services.
A nice place to get some images if you need.
In that image is exactly the same height and width,
so the dimensions are identical.
And when just post him image like that,
you're going to see that it doesn't fit quite exactly.
And obviously it's not responsive.
So we want this image to be nice and responsive and fit into that spot,
Mace and neatly.
Let's go back into the bootstrap website and within.
So they do have an option to make images responsive,
and that's contained under content images.
And all you have to do is add the class of image fluid to your image,
and it will make it responses.
Watch what happens when I add this class,
and you see that it automatically slots it in into the appropriate role.
Call them there,
and then there's also a bunch of other options for images.
We're not going to be taking a look at those because this is kind of all we need really
needed for the image.
We just needed to have an image there.
Next.
Let's look at the columns and add in the title for this part,
and we already have a title.
So I'm gonna just copy and paste that and we're using the H force for the title.
You might want to use something different,
of course,
and then also want to wrap it,
wrapped the content within a paragraph and go back and see that it's a title to so trying
to make it look as much like this as possible.
Also,
there's some spacing underneath the title to so we can add in a margin bottom and do
merchant bottom of five.
It looks like there's quite a bit of spacing.
We could also do a margin top on the next element.
So for the paragraph,
we could do a margin top for that one as well.
So just do it quick save and there's our chunk of content on a get rid of some of this,
but we did have a little bit too much there,
so going back into what the layout was also notices well,
that there is padding between the different rows,
so we need to add in some padding for the Rose as well.
So we could do We're emergen top off four and allowed that in for all of the roads because
we have some consistency on that styling.
So going back down and this part looks correct.
So the last part was just the list item.
So it has also a title so we can use the same title format before the list group.
And this one doesn't have quite as much spacing.
So it's cut that down and we'll type it out as Title three and then structuring the content
that's contained in there.
So these are all the same.
They just contain some development default text for the development.
So we've got the title three.
The list group and all of these list items are the same,
and I gotta just clean up a bootstrap eso.
Let's refresh and see what our website looks like.
And,
of course,
probably some minor tweaks adjustments that still need to be made.
Let's zoom in.
We see we roughly got the same structure and layout as was presented within the example
that we created.
And that's how you can use bootstrap Teoh,
create websites really rapidly and quickly.
And of course,
it's important to understand all the different available components and how to use the
utilities in order to make adjustments to where the positioning of the various assets are
within the elements.
And we're gonna be going over these as we go through the upcoming lessons.